{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23580\viewh22840\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 

1.	Who is your target audience? Are they other UX designers, developers, hiring managers, or potential clients?\
\
- Senior developers				People in roles higher up serving as mentors or guides to offer support and advice.\
- Hiring managers					Persons I will want to impress with coding and design skills for future work.\
- Peers							      Fellow developers at my level for the purposes of sharing projects, feedback and potential collaboration.\
- Myself						    	A place to experiment with my own designs and showcase my abilities.\uc0\u8232 \

2.	What are the key goals of your portfolio? Is it to showcase your design and coding skills, to get hired, or to attract potential clients?\
\
- Showcasing work				            A place where all aspects of my work can be seen and evaluated.\
- Displaying my design process		  Offering insights into the work process (important for demonstrating abilities to potential employers)\
- Providing an engaging experience	The portfolio itself becomes a journey through your design experiences\
- Primarily to get hired				    The goal is to kickstart a new career in tech. \uc0\u8232 \

3.	What are the key tasks that users will need to accomplish on your portfolio? Will they be looking for specific examples of your work, trying to learn more about your design process, or looking for contact information to get in touch with you?\
\
- Pages must be thoughtfully laid out so that the desired information is easy to find and never far away.\
- Logical means of sorting projects and finding specific examples.\
- Information should be clear and concise and cleanly structured.\uc0\u8232 \

4.	What are the pain points that your users might be experiencing? Are they struggling to find high-quality UX designers or developers, having trouble finding someone with the right skillset, or struggling to get noticed in a crowded job market?\
\
- Over-complicated menu systems.\
- Confusing page lay outs.\
- Could be looking for junior developers with a certain appeal.\uc0\u8232 \

5.	What are the key features that your portfolio should include? Should it be mobile-friendly, include videos or interactive elements, or provide a way for users to easily share your work on social media?\
\
- A gallery of projects, possibly fully interactive embedded versions of pages if appropriate\
- A personal section with a statement and basic information about me.\
- Contact information.\
- Links to social media.\uc0\u8232 \

6.	What are the key benefits that your portfolio should offer to users? Should it help them save time, provide inspiration or ideas, or give them a better understanding of your design philosophy?\
\
- Main purpose to showcase myself as a developer and provide an insight into what I\'92m about, how I work and what I can offer.\uc0\u8232 \

7.	What are the main objections that users might have to using your portfolio? Are they concerned about privacy, skeptical of your experience or skill level, or worried that they won't be able to afford your services?\
\
- It might not be effective as a tool for evaluating me as a potential hire.\
- It may not stand out in a crowded industry\uc0\u8232 \

8.	What are the key motivations that will drive users to interact with your portfolio? Are they looking for a new job, seeking inspiration or new ideas, or trying to find the right designer or developer for their project?\
\
- A desire to check out new and emerging talent.\
- By invitation or by request.\
- As part of a recruitment process.\uc0\u8232 \

9.	What are the key touchpoints that users will have with your portfolio? Will they be accessing it primarily through a desktop computer, a mobile device, or a combination of both?\
\
- Primarily a desktop portfolio, but will be an adaptive design to function on mobiles too.\
- Will hopefully include a range of work that can be viewed on a variety of formats. \uc0\u8232 \

10.	What are the key metrics that you will use to measure the success of your portfolio? Will you be tracking the number of pageviews, the number of job offers or inquiries you receive, or the amount of time users spend on your site?\
\
- Collecting data on the portfolios interactions will certainly be something to look at in the future.\uc0\u8232 \
}